24-12-2022
---------
Summary of today's readings

Blog posts
** Buffet's formula - Going to bed smarter than you woke up ** - Its all about reading and grasping the concepts. In the blog it was mentioned that buffet and munger reads fucking 500 pages a day. Knowledge bgets more knowledge. Also they mention it compounds. Munger or Buffet dont think they are talented but they acquired the genius by reading and grasping the concepts better. They also mention about a book called "How to read a book" it helps to grasp the concepts and keep it active in their memory. Also talked about following feynman technique where they write their understanding so that it will can be taught to a 5 yr old kid. Other technique is spaced repetition to keep recollecting the concepts from memory often times (5-10 times) so that concepts will be remembered for long time.

** How to read a book ** -
* This is also an interesting article from farnam street blog. Its based on a 1940s book "How to read a book". In this blog, its mentioned that reading is not a passive skill but its an active skill. They recommend to use the marginalia of the book to converse with the author. Ask questions, highlight the points which you agree or disagree. Using marginalia is the greatest respect that a reader can give to the author. It helps to borrow the knowledge from the author, add the reader's reflections so that the reader can get deeper perspective of the subject.
* There are four different ways of reading a book 1) Elementary reading 2) Inspection reading 3) Analytical reading 4) Syntopical reading. Elementary reading is just a passive reading useful for nothing. Inspection reading is about checking what the author is trying to convey by quickly skimming contents, preface, indexes or 1-2 paragraphs in between the book. This helps to decided whether its worth spending time with the book or not. Analytical reading is about slicing and dicing the book so that the reader gets the complete idea of the author's intentions. Use of marginalia is very important for analytical reading. Syntopical reading is about comparing the author's work with other books so that the reader can get to understand different perspectives and get fluency on the subject.
* After reading a book, its important to ask questions like a) What is this book about ? b) What is being said in the book in detail ? c) Is there author corraborating with facts for the whole book or in part ?

